able unable
unable able
abaxial adaxial
adaxial abaxial
acroscopic basiscopic
basiscopic acroscopic
abducent adducent
adducent abducent
nascent dying
dying nascent
abridged unabridged
unabridged abridged
absolute relative
relative absolute
absorbent nonabsorbent
nonabsorbent absorbent
adsorbent nonadsorbent
nonadsorbent adsorbent
absorbable adsorbable
adsorbable absorbable
abstemious gluttonous
gluttonous abstemious
abstract concrete
concrete abstract
abundant scarce
scarce abundant
abused unabused
unabused abused
acceptable unacceptable
unacceptable acceptable
accessible inaccessible
inaccessible accessible
accommodating unaccommodating
unaccommodating accommodating
accurate inaccurate
inaccurate accurate
accustomed unaccustomed
unaccustomed accustomed
acidic alkaline
alkaline acidic
amphoteric acidic
acid-loving alkaline-loving
alkaline-loving acid-loving
acknowledged unacknowledged
unacknowledged acknowledged
acquisitive unacquisitive
unacquisitive acquisitive
acropetal basipetal
basipetal acropetal
active inactive
inactive active
active inactive
inactive active
active inactive
inactive active
active inactive
inactive active
active passive
passive active
active dormant
dormant active
extinct active
active extinct
active stative
stative active
active passive
passive active
active inactive
inactive active
active quiet
quiet active
actual potential
potential actual
acute chronic
chronic acute
virulent avirulent
avirulent virulent
adaptive maladaptive
maladaptive adaptive
addicted unaddicted
unaddicted addicted
addictive nonaddictive
nonaddictive addictive
additive subtractive
subtractive additive
addressed unaddressed
unaddressed addressed
adequate inadequate
inadequate adequate
adhesive nonadhesive
nonadhesive adhesive
adjective substantive
substantive adjective
adoptable unadoptable
unadoptable adoptable
adorned unadorned
unadorned adorned
cholinergic anticholinergic
anticholinergic cholinergic
adroit maladroit
maladroit adroit
advantageous disadvantageous
disadvantageous advantageous
adventurous unadventurous
unadventurous adventurous
advisable inadvisable
inadvisable advisable
well-advised ill-advised
ill-advised well-advised
aerobic anaerobic
anaerobic aerobic
aerobic anaerobic
anaerobic aerobic
aesthetic inaesthetic
inaesthetic aesthetic
affected unaffected
unaffected affected
affected unaffected
unaffected affected
affirmative negative
negative affirmative
acceptive rejective
rejective acceptive
afloat aground
aground afloat
afraid unafraid
unafraid afraid
aggressive unaggressive
unaggressive aggressive
agitated unagitated
unagitated agitated
agitated unagitated
unagitated agitated
agreeable disagreeable
disagreeable agreeable
air-to-surface air-to-air
air-to-air air-to-surface
surface-to-air air-to-air
alert unalert
unalert alert
algorithmic heuristic
heuristic algorithmic
alienable inalienable
inalienable alienable
alive dead
dead alive
apocrine eccrine
eccrine apocrine
artesian subartesian
subartesian artesian
live dead
dead live
alphabetic analphabetic
analphabetic alphabetic
altricial precocial
precocial altricial
altruistic egoistic
egoistic altruistic
ambiguous unambiguous
unambiguous ambiguous
ambitious unambitious
unambitious ambitious
ametropic emmetropic
emmetropic ametropic
ample meager
meager ample
anabolic catabolic
catabolic anabolic
anaclinal cataclinal
cataclinal anaclinal
anastigmatic astigmatic
astigmatic anastigmatic
anticlinal synclinal
synclinal anticlinal
anadromous catadromous
catadromous anadromous
diadromous anadromous
anabatic katabatic
katabatic anabatic
anal oral
oral anal
analogue digital
digital analogue
analytic synthetic
synthetic analytic
analytic synthetic
synthetic analytic
analytic synthetic
synthetic analytic
inflectional derivational
derivational inflectional
apocarpous syncarpous
syncarpous apocarpous
angry unangry
unangry angry
resentful unresentful
unresentful resentful
sentient insentient
insentient sentient
animate inanimate
inanimate animate
animated unanimated
unanimated animated
enlivened unenlivened
unenlivened enlivened
animate inanimate
inanimate animate
anonymous onymous
onymous anonymous
antemortem postmortem
postmortem antemortem
antecedent subsequent
subsequent antecedent
antrorse retrorse
retrorse antrorse
aquatic amphibious
terrestrial amphibious
amphibious aquatic
preceding succeeding
succeeding preceding
precedented unprecedented
unprecedented precedented
prehensile nonprehensile
nonprehensile prehensile
prenatal perinatal
perinatal postnatal
postnatal perinatal
preprandial postprandial
postprandial preprandial
prewar postwar
postwar prewar
retrograde anterograde
anterograde retrograde
antemeridian postmeridian
postmeridian antemeridian
anterior posterior
posterior anterior
dorsal ventral
ventral dorsal
appealable unappealable
unappealable appealable
appendaged unappendaged
unappendaged appendaged
appetizing unappetizing
unappetizing appetizing
approachable unapproachable
unapproachable approachable
appropriate inappropriate
inappropriate appropriate
due undue
undue due
due undue
undue due
apropos malapropos
malapropos apropos
a_priori a_posteriori
a_posteriori a_priori
apteral peripteral
peripteral apteral
arbitrable nonarbitrable
nonarbitrable arbitrable
columned noncolumned
noncolumned columned
arboreal nonarboreal
nonarboreal arboreal
arenaceous argillaceous
argillaceous arenaceous
armed unarmed
unarmed armed
armored unarmored
unarmored armored
armed unarmed
unarmed armed
armed armless
armless armed
armored unarmored
unarmored armored
artful artless
artless artful
articulate inarticulate
inarticulate articulate
speaking nonspeaking
nonspeaking speaking
articulated unarticulated
unarticulated articulated
ashamed unashamed
unashamed ashamed
assertive unassertive
unassertive assertive
associative nonassociative
nonassociative associative
attached unattached
unattached attached
affixed unaffixed
unaffixed affixed
sessile pedunculate
pedunculate sessile
sessile vagile
vagile sessile
attached detached
detached attached
stuck unstuck
unstuck stuck
attachable detachable
detachable attachable
wary unwary
unwary wary
attentive inattentive
inattentive attentive
attractive unattractive
unattractive attractive
attractive repulsive
repulsive attractive
appealing unappealing
unappealing appealing
attributable unattributable
unattributable attributable
attributive predicative
predicative attributive
pregnant nonpregnant
nonpregnant pregnant
audible inaudible
inaudible audible
sonic subsonic
subsonic sonic
supersonic sonic
auspicious inauspicious
inauspicious auspicious
propitious unpropitious
unpropitious propitious
authorized unauthorized
unauthorized authorized
constitutional unconstitutional
unconstitutional constitutional
autochthonous allochthonous
allochthonous autochthonous
autoecious heteroecious
heteroecious autoecious
autogenous heterogenous
heterogenous autogenous
automatic manual
manual automatic
available unavailable
unavailable available
awake asleep
asleep awake
astringent nonastringent
nonastringent astringent
aware unaware
unaware aware
witting unwitting
unwitting witting
alarming unalarming
unalarming alarming
anemophilous entomophilous
entomophilous anemophilous
reassuring unreassuring
unreassuring reassuring
back front
front back
leading following
following leading
backed backless
backless backed
backward forward
forward backward
forward reverse
reverse forward
backward forward
forward backward
balconied unbalconied
unbalconied balconied
barreled unbarreled
unbarreled barreled
beaked beakless
beakless beaked
bedded bedless
bedless bedded
beneficed unbeneficed
unbeneficed beneficed
stratified unstratified
unstratified stratified
ferned fernless
fernless ferned
grassy grassless
grassless grassy
gusseted ungusseted
ungusseted gusseted
hairless hairy
hairy hairless
awned awnless
awnless awned
bearing nonbearing
nonbearing bearing
beautiful ugly
ugly beautiful
bellied bellyless
bellyless bellied
banded unbanded
unbanded banded
belted unbelted
unbelted belted
beneficent maleficent
maleficent beneficent
malicious unmalicious
unmalicious malicious
benign malign
malign benign
best worst
worst best
better worse
worse better
better worse
worse better
bettering worsening
worsening bettering
bicameral unicameral
unicameral bicameral
bidirectional unidirectional
unidirectional bidirectional
faced faceless
faceless faced
bibbed bibless
bibless bibbed
unilateral multilateral
multilateral unilateral
bimodal unimodal
unimodal bimodal
binaural monaural
monaural binaural
binucleate mononuclear
mononuclear binucleate
trinucleate binucleate
bipedal quadrupedal
biped quadruped
quadrupedal bipedal
quadruped biped
black white
white black
blond brunet
brunet blond
blemished unblemished
unblemished blemished
bloody bloodless
bloodless bloody
bold timid
timid bold
bound unbound
unbound bound
laced unlaced
unlaced laced
tied untied
untied tied
tangled untangled
untangled tangled
bound unbound
unbound bound
bordered unbordered
unbordered bordered
lotic lentic
lentic lotic
lower-class middle-class
middle-class lower-class
upper-class lower-class
brachycephalic dolichocephalic
dolichocephalic brachycephalic
brave cowardly
cowardly brave
gutsy gutless
gutless gutsy
breast-fed bottle-fed
bottle-fed breast-fed
breathing breathless
breathless breathing
crystalline noncrystalline
noncrystalline crystalline
landed landless
landless landed
light dark
dark light
shaded unshaded
unshaded shaded
shaded unshaded
unshaded shaded
moonlit moonless
moonless moonlit
bridgeable unbridgeable
unbridgeable bridgeable
bright dull
dull bright
dimmed undimmed
undimmed dimmed
prejudiced unprejudiced
unprejudiced prejudiced
broad-minded narrow-minded
narrow-minded broad-minded
reconstructed unreconstructed
unreconstructed reconstructed
broken unbroken
unbroken broken
broken unbroken
unbroken broken
broken unbroken
unbroken broken
brotherly sisterly
sisterly brotherly
exergonic endergonic
endergonic exergonic
fraternal identical
identical fraternal
buried unburied
unburied buried
busy idle
idle busy
bony boneless
boneless bony
buttoned unbuttoned
unbuttoned buttoned
capitalistic socialistic
socialistic capitalistic
cacophonous euphonious
euphonious cacophonous
calculable incalculable
incalculable calculable
calm stormy
stormy calm
camphorated uncamphorated
uncamphorated camphorated
capable incapable
incapable capable
capable incapable
incapable capable
cared-for uncared-for
uncared-for cared-for
careful careless
careless careful
carnivorous herbivorous
herbivorous carnivorous
omnivorous carnivorous
insectivorous carnivorous
holozoic holophytic
holophytic holozoic
carpellate acarpelous
acarpelous carpellate
carpeted uncarpeted
uncarpeted carpeted
carvel-built clinker-built
clinker-built carvel-built
carved uncarved
uncarved carved
acatalectic catalectic
catalectic acatalectic
hypercatalectic acatalectic
cauline radical
radical cauline
censored uncensored
uncensored censored
caudate acaudate
acaudate caudate
caulescent acaulescent
acaulescent caulescent
causative noncausative
noncausative causative
cautious incautious
incautious cautious
cellular noncellular
noncellular cellular
coherent incoherent
incoherent coherent
compartmented uncompartmented
uncompartmented compartmented
porous nonporous
nonporous porous
central peripheral
peripheral central
centrifugal centripetal
centripetal centrifugal
afferent efferent
efferent afferent
centralizing decentralizing
decentralizing centralizing
certain uncertain
uncertain certain
certain uncertain
sure unsure
uncertain certain
unsure sure
convinced unconvinced
unconvinced convinced
confident diffident
diffident confident
certain uncertain
uncertain certain
certified uncertified
uncertified certified
inevitable evitable
evitable inevitable
preventable unpreventable
unpreventable preventable
changeable unchangeable
unchangeable changeable
commutable incommutable
incommutable commutable
alterable unalterable
unalterable alterable
modifiable unmodifiable
unmodifiable modifiable
adjusted unadjusted
unadjusted adjusted
adjusted maladjusted
maladjusted adjusted
altered unaltered
unaltered altered
amended unamended
unamended amended
changed unchanged
unchanged changed
isometric isotonic
isotonic isometric
ionized nonionized
nonionized ionized
mutable immutable
immutable mutable
characteristic uncharacteristic
uncharacteristic characteristic
charged uncharged
uncharged charged
charitable uncharitable
uncharitable charitable
chartered unchartered
unchartered chartered
owned unowned
unowned owned
chaste unchaste
unchaste chaste
cheerful depressing
depressing cheerful
chlamydeous achlamydeous
achlamydeous chlamydeous
chondritic achondritic
achondritic chondritic
monoclinic triclinic
triclinic monoclinic
monochromatic polychromatic
polychromatic monochromatic
chromatic achromatic
achromatic chromatic
black white
white black
saturated unsaturated
unsaturated saturated
color black-and-white
black-and-white color
colored uncolored
uncolored colored
stained unstained
unstained stained
colorful colorless
colorless colorful
colorful colorless
colourful colourless
colorless colorful
colourless colourful
light dark
dark light
chromatic diatonic
diatonic chromatic
cismontane tramontane
tramontane cismontane
christian unchristian
unchristian christian
civilized noncivilized
noncivilized civilized
classical nonclassical
nonclassical classical
classified unclassified
unclassified classified
classified unclassified
unclassified classified
analyzed unanalyzed
unanalyzed analyzed
clean dirty
dirty clean
clean dirty
dirty clean
clean dirty
dirty clean
radioactive nonradioactive
nonradioactive radioactive
clean unclean
unclean clean
clear unclear
unclear clear
clear opaque
opaque clear
radiolucent radiopaque
radiopaque radiolucent
clearheaded confused
confused clearheaded
clement inclement
inclement clement
clement inclement
inclement clement
smart stupid
stupid smart
clockwise counterclockwise
counterclockwise clockwise
far near
near far
distant close
close distant
distant close
close distant
cousinly uncousinly
uncousinly cousinly
clothed unclothed
unclothed clothed
saddled unsaddled
unsaddled saddled
clear cloudy
cloudy clear
coastal inland
inland coastal
inshore offshore
offshore inshore
coherent incoherent
incoherent coherent
collapsible noncollapsible
noncollapsible collapsible
crannied uncrannied
uncrannied crannied
collective distributive
distributive collective
publicized suppressed
suppressed publicized
published unpublished
unpublished published
publishable unpublishable
unpublishable publishable
reported unreported
unreported reported
reportable unreportable
unreportable reportable
combinative noncombinative
noncombinative combinative
combustible noncombustible
noncombustible combustible
explosive nonexplosive
nonexplosive explosive
lighted unlighted
unlighted lighted
commodious incommodious
incommodious commodious
comfortable uncomfortable
uncomfortable comfortable
comfortable uncomfortable
uncomfortable comfortable
commensurate incommensurate
incommensurate commensurate
proportionate disproportionate
disproportionate proportionate
commercial noncommercial
noncommercial commercial
residential nonresidential
nonresidential residential
commissioned noncommissioned
noncommissioned commissioned
common uncommon
uncommon common
usual unusual
unusual usual
hydrophobic hydrophilic
hydrophilic hydrophobic
oleophilic oleophobic
oleophobic oleophilic
common individual
individual common
communicative uncommunicative
uncommunicative communicative
compact loose
loose compact
comparable incomparable
incomparable comparable
compassionate uncompassionate
uncompassionate compassionate
compatible incompatible
incompatible compatible
compatible incompatible
incompatible compatible
miscible immiscible
immiscible miscible
competent incompetent
incompetent competent
competent incompetent
incompetent competent
competitive noncompetitive
noncompetitive competitive
complaining uncomplaining
uncomplaining complaining
compressible incompressible
incompressible compressible
whole fractional
fractional whole
whole half
half whole
committed uncommitted
uncommitted committed
dedicated undedicated
undedicated dedicated
complete incomplete
incomplete complete
comprehensive noncomprehensive
noncomprehensive comprehensive
composed discomposed
discomposed composed
comprehensible incomprehensible
incomprehensible comprehensible
concave convex
convex concave
concentrated distributed
distributed concentrated
concentric eccentric
eccentric concentric
concerned unconcerned
unconcerned concerned
concise prolix
prolix concise
conclusive inconclusive
inconclusive conclusive
consummated unconsummated
unconsummated consummated
coordinating subordinating
subordinating coordinating
accordant discordant
discordant accordant
contracted expanded
expanded contracted
atrophied hypertrophied
hypertrophied atrophied
conditional unconditional
unconditional conditional
enforceable unenforceable
unenforceable enforceable
enforced unenforced
unenforced enforced
conductive nonconductive
nonconductive conductive
confined unconfined
unconfined confined
crowded uncrowded
uncrowded crowded
congenial uncongenial
uncongenial congenial
congruent incongruent
incongruent congruent
congruous incongruous
incongruous congruous
conjunctive disjunctive
disjunctive conjunctive
conjunct disjunct
disjunct conjunct
connected unconnected
unconnected connected
conquerable unconquerable
unconquerable conquerable
conscious unconscious
unconscious conscious
consecrated desecrated
desecrated consecrated
priestly unpriestly
unpriestly priestly
conservative liberal
liberal conservative
consistent inconsistent
inconsistent consistent
conspicuous inconspicuous
inconspicuous conspicuous
discernible indiscernible
indiscernible discernible
distinguishable indistinguishable
indistinguishable distinguishable
constant inconstant
inconstant constant
constructive destructive
destructive constructive
contented discontented
discontented contented
contestable incontestable
incontestable contestable
continent incontinent
incontinent continent
continual sporadic
sporadic continual
continuous discontinuous
discontinuous continuous
continuous discontinuous
discontinuous continuous
continued discontinued
discontinued continued
controlled uncontrolled
uncontrolled controlled
controversial uncontroversial
uncontroversial controversial
argumentative unargumentative
unargumentative argumentative
convenient inconvenient
inconvenient convenient
conventional unconventional
unconventional conventional
conventional unconventional
unconventional conventional
conformist nonconformist
nonconformist conformist
nuclear conventional
conventional nuclear
traditional nontraditional
nontraditional traditional
convergent divergent
divergent convergent
branchy branchless
branchless branchy
convincing unconvincing
unconvincing convincing
cooked raw
raw cooked
cooperative uncooperative
uncooperative cooperative
corrupt incorrupt
incorrupt corrupt
synergistic antagonistic
antagonistic synergistic
considerable inconsiderable
inconsiderable considerable
substantial insubstantial
insubstantial substantial
material immaterial
immaterial material
bodied unbodied
unbodied bodied
brainwashed unbrainwashed
unbrainwashed brainwashed
corporeal incorporeal
incorporeal corporeal
correct incorrect
right wrong
incorrect correct
wrong right
right wrong
wrong right
corrected uncorrected
uncorrected corrected
corrigible incorrigible
incorrigible corrigible
cosmopolitan provincial
provincial cosmopolitan
costive laxative
laxative costive
constipated unconstipated
unconstipated constipated
considerate inconsiderate
inconsiderate considerate
courteous discourteous
discourteous courteous
polite impolite
impolite polite
civil uncivil
uncivil civil
civil sidereal
sidereal civil
creative uncreative
uncreative creative
credible incredible
incredible credible
credulous incredulous
incredulous credulous
critical uncritical
uncritical critical
judgmental nonjudgmental
nonjudgmental judgmental
critical uncritical
uncritical critical
critical noncritical
noncritical critical
critical noncritical
noncritical critical
crossed uncrossed
uncrossed crossed
crossed uncrossed
uncrossed crossed
cross-eyed walleyed
walleyed cross-eyed
crowned uncrowned
uncrowned crowned
crowned uncrowned
uncrowned crowned
crucial noncrucial
noncrucial crucial
crystallized uncrystallized
uncrystallized crystallized
cubic linear
linear cubic
planar cubic
unidimensional multidimensional
multidimensional unidimensional
cut uncut
uncut cut
cut uncut
uncut cut
cut uncut
uncut cut
curious incurious
incurious curious
current noncurrent
noncurrent current
cursed blessed
blessed cursed
endowed unendowed
unendowed endowed
curtained curtainless
curtainless curtained
custom-made ready-made
ready-made custom-made
handmade machine-made
machine-made handmade
homemade factory-made
factory-made homemade
cyclic noncyclic
noncyclic cyclic
cyclic acyclic
acyclic cyclic
cyclic acyclic
acyclic cyclic
annual biennial
biennial annual
perennial annual
diurnal nocturnal
nocturnal diurnal
damaged undamaged
undamaged damaged
datable undatable
undatable datable
deaf hearing
hearing deaf
decent indecent
indecent decent
decisive indecisive
indecisive decisive
decisive indecisive
indecisive decisive
declarative interrogative
declaratory interrogatory
interrogative declarative
interrogatory declaratory
declared undeclared
undeclared declared
decorous indecorous
indecorous decorous
deductible nondeductible
nondeductible deductible
deep shallow
shallow deep
deep shallow
shallow deep
de_facto de_jure
de_jure de_facto
defeasible indefeasible
indefeasible defeasible
defeated undefeated
undefeated defeated
defiant compliant
compliant defiant
defined undefined
undefined defined
well-defined ill-defined
ill-defined well-defined
derived underived
underived derived
inflected uninflected
uninflected inflected
inflected uninflected
uninflected inflected
definite indefinite
indefinite definite
dehiscent indehiscent
indehiscent dehiscent
dejected elated
elated dejected
delicate rugged
rugged delicate
breakable unbreakable
unbreakable breakable
demanding undemanding
undemanding demanding
imperative beseeching
beseeching imperative
democratic undemocratic
undemocratic democratic
arbitrary nonarbitrary
nonarbitrary arbitrary
demonstrative undemonstrative
undemonstrative demonstrative
deniable undeniable
undeniable deniable
denotative connotative
connotative denotative
reliable unreliable
dependable undependable
unreliable reliable
undependable dependable
dependent independent
independent dependent
independent dependent
dependent independent
partisan nonpartisan
nonpartisan partisan
aligned nonaligned
nonaligned aligned
descriptive prescriptive
prescriptive descriptive
descriptive undescriptive
undescriptive descriptive
desirable undesirable
undesirable desirable
destroyed preserved
preserved destroyed
destructible indestructible
indestructible destructible
determinable indeterminable
indeterminable determinable
determinate indeterminate
indeterminate determinate
determinate indeterminate
indeterminate determinate
developed undeveloped
undeveloped developed
dextral sinistral
sinistral dextral
diabatic adiabatic
adiabatic diabatic
differentiated undifferentiated
undifferentiated differentiated
difficult easy
easy difficult
digitigrade plantigrade
plantigrade digitigrade
dignified undignified
undignified dignified
statesmanlike unstatesmanlike
unstatesmanlike statesmanlike
presidential unpresidential
unpresidential presidential
dicotyledonous monocotyledonous
monocotyledonous dicotyledonous
diligent negligent
negligent diligent
diluted undiluted
undiluted diluted
saturated unsaturated
unsaturated saturated
saturated unsaturated
unsaturated saturated
diplomatic undiplomatic
undiplomatic diplomatic
conciliatory antagonistic
antagonistic conciliatory
direct indirect
indirect direct
direct alternating
alternating direct
direct indirect
indirect direct
direct inverse
inverse direct
direct retrograde
retrograde direct
immediate mediate
mediate immediate
discerning undiscerning
undiscerning discerning
discreet indiscreet
indiscreet discreet
discriminate indiscriminate
indiscriminate discriminate
discriminating undiscriminating
undiscriminating discriminating
disposable nondisposable
nondisposable disposable
returnable nonreturnable
nonreturnable returnable
disposable nondisposable
nondisposable disposable
distal proximal
proximal distal
distal mesial
mesial distal
distinct indistinct
indistinct distinct
focused unfocused
unfocused focused
diversified undiversified
undiversified diversified
divisible indivisible
indivisible divisible
documented undocumented
undocumented documented
domineering submissive
submissive domineering
servile unservile
unservile servile
dominant subordinate
subordinate dominant
dominant recessive
recessive dominant
single-barreled double-barreled
double-barreled single-barreled
double-breasted single-breasted
single-breasted double-breasted
dramatic undramatic
undramatic dramatic
actable unactable
unactable actable
theatrical untheatrical
untheatrical theatrical
drinkable undrinkable
undrinkable drinkable
intoxicated sober
sober intoxicated
dull sharp
sharp dull
sharp dull
dull sharp
eventful uneventful
uneventful eventful
lively dull
dull lively
dynamic undynamic
undynamic dynamic
eager uneager
uneager eager
eared earless
earless eared
early late
middle early
late early
early late
late early
early late
middle early
late early
earned unearned
unearned earned
easy uneasy
uneasy easy
east west
west east
western eastern
eastern western
western eastern
eastern western
ectomorphic endomorphic
endomorphic ectomorphic
mesomorphic ectomorphic
edible inedible
inedible edible
educated uneducated
uneducated educated
numerate innumerate
innumerate numerate
operative inoperative
inoperative operative
effective ineffective
ineffective effective
effortful effortless
effortless effortful
efficacious inefficacious
inefficacious efficacious
efficient inefficient
inefficient efficient
forceful forceless
forceless forceful
elastic inelastic
inelastic elastic
elective appointive
appointive elective
assigned unassigned
unassigned assigned
optional obligatory
obligatory optional
elegant inelegant
inelegant elegant
eligible ineligible
ineligible eligible
emotional unemotional
unemotional emotional
empirical theoretical
theoretical empirical
theoretical applied
applied theoretical
salaried freelance
freelance salaried
employed unemployed
unemployed employed
employable unemployable
unemployable employable
enchanted disenchanted
disenchanted enchanted
encouraging discouraging
discouraging encouraging
encumbered unencumbered
unencumbered encumbered
burdened unburdened
unburdened burdened
endocentric exocentric
exocentric endocentric
endogamous exogamous
exogamous endogamous
autogamous endogamous
endogamous autogamous
exogamous autogamous
endoergic exoergic
exoergic endoergic
endothermic exothermic
exothermic endothermic
endogenous exogenous
endogenic exogenic
exogenous endogenous
exogenic endogenic
end-stopped run-on
run-on end-stopped
energetic lethargic
lethargic energetic
enfranchised disenfranchised
disenfranchised enfranchised
exportable unexportable
unexportable exportable
exploratory nonexploratory
nonexploratory exploratory
inquiring uninquiring
uninquiring inquiring
increased decreased
decreased increased
reducible irreducible
irreducible reducible
enlightened unenlightened
unenlightened enlightened
enterprising unenterprising
unenterprising enterprising
enthusiastic unenthusiastic
unenthusiastic enthusiastic
desirous undesirous
undesirous desirous
entozoic epizoic
epizoic entozoic
equal unequal
unequal equal
balanced unbalanced
unbalanced balanced
isotonic hypertonic
hypertonic hypotonic
hypotonic hypertonic
equivocal unequivocal
unequivocal equivocal
eradicable ineradicable
ineradicable eradicable
esoteric exoteric
exoteric esoteric
essential inessential
inessential essential
dispensable indispensable
indispensable dispensable
estimable contemptible
contemptible estimable
ethical unethical
unethical ethical
complimentary uncomplimentary
uncomplimentary complimentary
flattering unflattering
unflattering flattering
euphemistic dysphemistic
dysphemistic euphemistic
euphoric dysphoric
dysphoric euphoric
even uneven
uneven even
even odd
odd even
evergreen deciduous
deciduous evergreen
exact inexact
inexact exact
convertible inconvertible
inconvertible convertible
exchangeable unexchangeable
unexchangeable exchangeable
excitable unexcitable
unexcitable excitable
excited unexcited
unexcited excited
exciting unexciting
unexciting exciting
exculpatory inculpatory
inculpatory exculpatory
exhaustible inexhaustible
inexhaustible exhaustible
exhausted unexhausted
unexhausted exhausted
existent nonexistent
nonexistent existent
extant extinct
extinct extant
expected unexpected
unexpected expected
expedient inexpedient
inexpedient expedient
expendable unexpendable
unexpendable expendable
expensive cheap
cheap expensive
experienced inexperienced
inexperienced experienced
expired unexpired
unexpired expired
explicable inexplicable
inexplicable explicable
explicit implicit
implicit explicit
exploited unexploited
unexploited exploited
expressible inexpressible
inexpressible expressible
extensile nonextensile
nonextensile extensile
extricable inextricable
inextricable extricable
bowed plucked
plucked bowed
fingered fingerless
fingerless fingered
expansive unexpansive
unexpansive expansive
extinguishable inextinguishable
inextinguishable extinguishable
external internal
internal external
outer inner
inner outer
outward inward
inward outward
exterior interior
interior exterior
eyed eyeless
eyeless eyed
playable unplayable
unplayable playable
fair foul
foul fair
fair unfair
unfair fair
equitable inequitable
inequitable equitable
faithful unfaithful
unfaithful faithful
faithful unfaithful
unfaithful faithful
loyal disloyal
disloyal loyal
fallible infallible
infallible fallible
familiar unfamiliar
unfamiliar familiar
strange familiar
familiar strange
fashionable unfashionable
unfashionable fashionable
stylish styleless
styleless stylish
fast slow
slow fast
fast slow
slow fast
fast slow
slow fast
fastidious unfastidious
unfastidious fastidious
fastidious unfastidious
unfastidious fastidious
fat thin
thin fat
fatty nonfat
nonfat fatty
fatal nonfatal
nonfatal fatal
curable incurable
incurable curable
fathomable unfathomable
unfathomable fathomable
favorable unfavorable
unfavorable favorable
favorable unfavorable
unfavorable favorable
feathered unfeathered
unfeathered feathered
felicitous infelicitous
infelicitous felicitous
fertile sterile
sterile fertile
finished unfinished
unfinished finished
finished unfinished
unfinished finished
finite infinite
infinite finite
finite infinite
infinite finite
opening closing
closing opening
first last
last first
intermediate terminal
terminal intermediate
first second
second first
fissile nonfissile
nonfissile fissile
fissionable nonfissionable
nonfissionable fissionable
fit unfit
unfit fit
fit unfit
unfit fit
flat contrasty
contrasty flat
flexible inflexible
inflexible flexible
flexible inflexible
inflexible flexible
uncompromising compromising
compromising uncompromising
rigid nonrigid
nonrigid rigid
adaptable unadaptable
unadaptable adaptable
campylotropous orthotropous
orthotropous campylotropous
anatropous amphitropous
amphitropous anatropous
curly straight
straight curly
footed footless
footless footed
toed toeless
toeless toed
pigeon-toed splayfooted
splayfooted pigeon-toed
fore aft
aft fore
forehand backhand
backhand forehand
native adopted
adopted native
foreign native
native foreign
native nonnative
nonnative native
foreign domestic
domestic foreign
domestic undomestic
undomestic domestic
forgettable unforgettable
unforgettable forgettable
forgiving unforgiving
unforgiving forgiving
formal informal
informal formal
formal informal
informal formal
former latter
latter former
fortunate unfortunate
unfortunate fortunate
fragrant malodorous
malodorous fragrant
odorous odorless
odorless odorous
scented scentless
scentless scented
free bound
bound free
fixed unfixed
unfixed fixed
free unfree
unfree free
free unfree
unfree free
frequent infrequent
infrequent frequent
fresh stale
stale fresh
fresh preserved
preserved fresh
fresh salty
salty fresh
friendly unfriendly
unfriendly friendly
friendly hostile
hostile friendly
friendly unfriendly
unfriendly friendly
frozen unfrozen
unfrozen frozen
fruitful unfruitful
unfruitful fruitful
full empty
empty full
drained undrained
undrained drained
full-time part-time
part-time full-time
functional nonfunctional
nonfunctional functional
functioning malfunctioning
malfunctioning functioning
functional organic
organic functional
rigged unrigged
unrigged rigged
equipped unequipped
unequipped equipped
fledged unfledged
unfledged fledged
framed unframed
unframed framed
furnished unfurnished
unfurnished furnished
funded unfunded
unfunded funded
fueled unfueled
unfueled fueled
specified unspecified
unspecified specified
geared ungeared
ungeared geared
general specific
specific general
specific nonspecific
nonspecific specific
national local
local national
cosmopolitan endemic
endemic cosmopolitan
branchiate abranchiate
abranchiate branchiate
federal unitary
unitary federal
centralized decentralized
decentralized centralized
technical nontechnical
nontechnical technical
nonproprietary proprietary
proprietary nonproprietary
generous stingy
stingy generous
generous ungenerous
ungenerous generous
genuine counterfeit
counterfeit genuine
geocentric heliocentric
heliocentric geocentric
talented untalented
untalented talented
glazed unglazed
unglazed glazed
glazed unglazed
unglazed glazed
glorious inglorious
inglorious glorious
go no-go
no-go go
good bad
bad good
good evil
evil good
good-natured ill-natured
ill-natured good-natured
graceful awkward
awkward graceful
gracious ungracious
ungracious gracious
gradual sudden
sudden gradual
gradual steep
steep gradual
grammatical ungrammatical
ungrammatical grammatical
grateful ungrateful
ungrateful grateful
haploid diploid
diploid haploid
polyploid diploid
happy unhappy
unhappy happy
regretful unregretful
unregretful regretful
hard soft
soft hard
hard soft
soft hard
hard soft
soft hard
hard soft
soft hard
hardhearted softhearted
softhearted hardhearted
alcoholic nonalcoholic
nonalcoholic alcoholic
harmless harmful
harmful harmless
harmonious inharmonious
inharmonious harmonious
healthful unhealthful
unhealthful healthful
medical surgical
surgical medical
operable inoperable
inoperable operable
pyretic antipyretic
antipyretic pyretic
healthy unhealthy
unhealthy healthy
dry phlegmy
phlegmy dry
heavenly earthly
earthly heavenly
digestible indigestible
indigestible digestible
headed headless
headless headed
headed unheaded
unheaded headed
heavy light
light heavy
weighty weightless
weightless weighty
light-duty heavy-duty
heavy-duty light-duty
heavy light
light heavy
heavy light
light heavy
heavy light
light heavy
heavy light
light heavy
light-footed heavy-footed
heavy-footed light-footed
light heavy
heavy light
heedless heedful
heedful heedless
enabling disabling
disabling enabling
helpful unhelpful
unhelpful helpful
heterodactyl zygodactyl
zygodactyl heterodactyl
heterogeneous homogeneous
homogeneous heterogeneous
homozygous heterozygous
heterozygous homozygous
heterosexual bisexual
homosexual bisexual
bisexual heterosexual
hierarchical nonhierarchical
nonhierarchical hierarchical
high low
low high
raised lowered
lowered raised
high-tech low-tech
low-tech high-tech
necked neckless
neckless necked
ceilinged floored
floored ceilinged
low-sudsing high-sudsing
high-sudsing low-sudsing
low-interest high-interest
high-interest low-interest
high low
low high
high low
low high
imitative nonimitative
nonimitative imitative
echoic nonechoic
nonechoic echoic
high-resolution low-resolution
low-resolution high-resolution
high-rise low-rise
low-rise high-rise
upland lowland
lowland upland
home away
away home
homologous autologous
heterologous autologous
autologous heterologous
homologous analogous
heterologous analogous
analogous heterologous
gabled hipped
hipped gabled
hipped hipless
hipless hipped
honest dishonest
dishonest honest
truthful untruthful
untruthful truthful
honorable dishonorable
dishonorable honorable
hopeful hopeless
hopeless hopeful
institutionalized noninstitutionalized
noninstitutionalized institutionalized
institutional noninstitutional
noninstitutional institutional
iodinating de-iodinating
de-iodinating iodinating
consolable inconsolable
inconsolable consolable
horizontal inclined
vertical horizontal
inclined horizontal
erect unerect
unerect erect
standing seated
seated standing
standing running
running standing
running standing
standing running
running passing
passing running
hospitable inhospitable
inhospitable hospitable
hospitable inhospitable
inhospitable hospitable
hostile amicable
amicable hostile
hot cold
cold hot
vernal autumnal
summery autumnal
autumnal summery
wintry autumnal
hot cold
cold hot
human nonhuman
nonhuman human
superhuman subhuman
subhuman superhuman
humane inhumane
inhumane humane
humorous humorless
humorless humorous
hungry thirsty
thirsty hungry
hurried unhurried
unhurried hurried
identifiable unidentifiable
unidentifiable identifiable
immanent transeunt
transeunt immanent
impaired unimpaired
unimpaired impaired
important unimportant
unimportant important
impressive unimpressive
unimpressive impressive
noticeable unnoticeable
unnoticeable noticeable
improved unimproved
unimproved improved
cleared uncleared
uncleared cleared
inaugural exaugural
exaugural inaugural
inboard outboard
outboard inboard
inbred outbred
outbred inbred
inclined disinclined
disinclined inclined
incoming outgoing
outgoing incoming
incoming outgoing
outgoing incoming
inductive deductive
deductive inductive
indulgent nonindulgent
nonindulgent indulgent
industrial nonindustrial
nonindustrial industrial
infectious noninfectious
noninfectious infectious
infernal supernal
supernal infernal
informative uninformative
uninformative informative
gnostic agnostic
agnostic gnostic
informed uninformed
uninformed informed
ingenuous disingenuous
disingenuous ingenuous
inhabited uninhabited
uninhabited inhabited
inheritable noninheritable
noninheritable inheritable
inhibited uninhibited
uninhibited inhibited
injectable uninjectable
uninjectable injectable
injured uninjured
uninjured injured
innocent guilty
guilty innocent
inspiring uninspiring
uninspiring inspiring
instructive uninstructive
uninstructive instructive
edifying unedifying
unedifying edifying
enlightening unenlightening
unenlightening enlightening
integrated segregated
segregated integrated
integrated nonintegrated
nonintegrated integrated
blended unblended
unblended blended
combined uncombined
uncombined combined
integrative disintegrative
disintegrative integrative
intellectual nonintellectual
nonintellectual intellectual
intelligent unintelligent
unintelligent intelligent
intelligible unintelligible
unintelligible intelligible
intended unintended
unintended intended
designed undesigned
undesigned designed
intensifying moderating
moderating intensifying
interspecies intraspecies
intraspecies interspecies
interested uninterested
uninterested interested
interesting uninteresting
uninteresting interesting
intramural extramural
extramural intramural
intra_vires ultra_vires
ultra_vires intra_vires
intrinsic extrinsic
extrinsic intrinsic
introspective extrospective
extrospective introspective
introversive ambiversive
extroversive ambiversive
ambiversive extroversive
intrusive unintrusive
unintrusive intrusive
intrusive protrusive
protrusive intrusive
igneous aqueous
aqueous igneous
intrusive extrusive
extrusive intrusive
invasive confined
confined invasive
invasive noninvasive
noninvasive invasive
invigorating debilitating
debilitating invigorating
inviting uninviting
uninviting inviting
in_vitro in_vivo
in_vivo in_vitro
ironed unironed
unironed ironed
wrinkled unwrinkled
unwrinkled wrinkled
isotropic anisotropic
anisotropic isotropic
glad sad
sad glad
joyful sorrowful
sorrowful joyful
joyous joyless
joyless joyous
juicy juiceless
juiceless juicy
just unjust
unjust just
merited unmerited
unmerited merited
keyed keyless
keyless keyed
kind unkind
unkind kind
knowable unknowable
unknowable knowable
known unknown
unknown known
understood ununderstood
ununderstood understood
labeled unlabeled
unlabeled labeled
lamented unlamented
unlamented lamented
laureled unlaureled
unlaureled laureled
large small
big little
small large
little big
greater lesser
lesser greater
lawful unlawful
unlawful lawful
leaded unleaded
unleaded leaded
leaky tight
tight leaky
caulked uncaulked
uncaulked caulked
leavened unleavened
unleavened leavened
leeward windward
windward leeward
legal illegal
illegal legal
legible illegible
illegible legible
deciphered undeciphered
undeciphered deciphered
biological adoptive
adoptive biological
legitimate illegitimate
illegitimate legitimate
leptorrhine catarrhine
catarrhine leptorrhine
platyrrhine catarrhine
leptosporangiate eusporangiate
eusporangiate leptosporangiate
like unlike
unlike like
alike unalike
unalike alike
like unlike
unlike like
likely unlikely
unlikely likely
probable improbable
improbable probable
limbed limbless
limbless limbed
limited unlimited
unlimited limited
lineal collateral
collateral lineal
linear nonlinear
nonlinear linear
lined unlined
unlined lined
listed unlisted
unlisted listed
literal figurative
figurative literal
literate illiterate
illiterate literate
literate illiterate
illiterate literate
live recorded
recorded live
livable unlivable
unlivable livable
liveried unliveried
unliveried liveried
loaded unloaded
unloaded loaded
loamy loamless
loamless loamy
local general
general local
epidemic ecdemic
ecdemic endemic
endemic ecdemic
gloved gloveless
gloveless gloved
hatted hatless
hatless hatted
guided unguided
unguided guided
legged legless
legless legged
logical illogical
illogical logical
extended unextended
unextended extended
mini maxi
midi maxi
maxi midi
lossy lossless
lossless lossy
long short
short long
long short
short long
long short
short long
long short
short long
lengthwise crosswise
crosswise lengthwise
lidded lidless
lidless lidded
loose tight
tight loose
constricted unconstricted
unconstricted constricted
lost found
found lost
lost saved
saved lost
lost won
won lost
loud soft
soft loud
full thin
thin full
piano forte
forte piano
hardened soft
soft hardened
lovable hateful
hateful lovable
liked disliked
disliked liked
loved unloved
unloved loved
loving unloving
unloving loving
lowercase uppercase
uppercase lowercase
lucky unlucky
unlucky lucky
lyric dramatic
dramatic lyric
made unmade
unmade made
magnetic antimagnetic
antimagnetic magnetic
magnetic geographic
geographic magnetic
magnetic nonmagnetic
nonmagnetic magnetic
major minor
minor major
major minor
minor major
major minor
minor major
major minor
minor major
major minor
minor major
major minor
minor major
major minor
minor major
majuscule minuscule
minuscule majuscule
manageable unmanageable
unmanageable manageable
manly unmanly
unmanly manly
male androgynous
female androgynous
androgynous female
manned unmanned
unmanned manned
marked unmarked
unmarked marked
branded unbranded
unbranded branded
married unmarried
unmarried married
mated unmated
unmated mated
masculine feminine
feminine masculine
womanly unwomanly
unwomanly womanly
masculine feminine
feminine masculine
neuter feminine
matched mismatched
mismatched matched
material immaterial
immaterial material
mature immature
immature mature
mature immature
immature mature
ripe green
green ripe
seasonal year-round
year-round seasonal
seasonable unseasonable
unseasonable seasonable
seasoned unseasoned
unseasoned seasoned
full-term premature
premature full-term
maximal minimal
maximum minimum
minimal maximal
minimum maximum
meaningful meaningless
meaningless meaningful
measurable immeasurable
immeasurable measurable
meaty meatless
meatless meaty
mechanical nonmechanical
nonmechanical mechanical
melodious unmelodious
unmelodious melodious
tuneful tuneless
tuneless tuneful
membered memberless
memberless membered
mined unmined
unmined mined
musical unmusical
unmusical musical
musical unmusical
unmusical musical
melted unmelted
unmelted melted
merciful merciless
merciless merciful
metabolic ametabolic
ametabolic metabolic
mild intense
intense mild
intensive extensive
extensive intensive
involved uninvolved
uninvolved involved
military civilian
civilian military
military unmilitary
unmilitary military
mitigated unmitigated
unmitigated mitigated
tempered untempered
untempered tempered
tempered untempered
untempered tempered
mobile immobile
immobile mobile
portable unportable
unportable portable
removable irremovable
irremovable removable
metallic nonmetallic
nonmetallic metallic
metamorphic nonmetamorphic
nonmetamorphic metamorphic
moderate immoderate
immoderate moderate
modern nonmodern
nonmodern modern
modest immodest
immodest modest
modest immodest
immodest modest
modified unmodified
unmodified modified
modulated unmodulated
unmodulated modulated
molar molecular
molecular molar
monoclinous diclinous
diclinous monoclinous
monoecious dioecious
dioecious monoecious
monophonic polyphonic
polyphonic monophonic
monogamous polygamous
polygamous monogamous
monolingual multilingual
multilingual monolingual
monovalent polyvalent
polyvalent monovalent
univalent bivalent
bivalent multivalent
multivalent bivalent
monotonic nonmonotonic
nonmonotonic monotonic
monovalent polyvalent
polyvalent monovalent
moral immoral
immoral moral
licit illicit
illicit licit
principled unprincipled
unprincipled principled
many few
few many
much little
little much
more less
less more
most least
least most
more fewer
fewer more
most fewest
fewest most
mortal immortal
immortal mortal
motivated unmotivated
unmotivated motivated
motorized unmotorized
unmotorized motorized
moved unmoved
unmoved moved
moving unmoving
unmoving moving
moving nonmoving
nonmoving moving
moving still
still moving
mown unmown
unmown mown
seamanlike unseamanlike
unseamanlike seamanlike
continental intercontinental
intercontinental continental
national international
international national
interstate intrastate
intrastate interstate
natural unnatural
unnatural natural
natural artificial
artificial natural
natural supernatural
supernatural natural
natural flat
sharp flat
flat natural
ultimate proximate
proximate ultimate
necessary unnecessary
unnecessary necessary
net gross
gross net
neurotic unneurotic
unneurotic neurotic
nice nasty
nasty nice
nidicolous nidifugous
nidifugous nidicolous
noble ignoble
ignoble noble
noble lowborn
lowborn noble
normal abnormal
abnormal normal
normal abnormal
abnormal normal
hypertensive hypotensive
hypotensive hypertensive
normotensive hypertensive
normal paranormal
paranormal normal
north south
south north
northern southern
southern northern
northern southern
southern northern
nosed noseless
noseless nosed
noticed unnoticed
unnoticed noticed
detected undetected
undetected detected
determined undetermined
undetermined determined
noxious innocuous
innocuous noxious
obedient disobedient
disobedient obedient
obtrusive unobtrusive
unobtrusive obtrusive
objective subjective
subjective objective
obligated unobligated
unobligated obligated
obligate facultative
facultative obligate
obvious unobvious
unobvious obvious
obstructed unobstructed
unobstructed obstructed
occupied unoccupied
unoccupied occupied
occupied unoccupied
unoccupied occupied
offensive inoffensive
inoffensive offensive
savory unsavory
unsavory savory
offensive inoffensive
inoffensive offensive
offensive defensive
defensive offensive
offending unoffending
unoffending offending
apologetic unapologetic
unapologetic apologetic
official unofficial
unofficial official
confirmed unconfirmed
unconfirmed confirmed
established unestablished
unestablished established
conditioned unconditioned
unconditioned conditioned
on-site off-site
off-site on-site
offstage onstage
onstage offstage
off-street on-street
on-street off-street
old new
new old
old young
young old
one-piece three-piece
two-piece one-piece
three-piece one-piece
on-line off-line
off-line on-line
on-line off-line
off-line on-line
on off
off on
on off
off on
onside offside
offside onside
open shut
shut open
open closed
closed open
open closed
closed open
spaced unspaced
unspaced spaced
enclosed unenclosed
unenclosed enclosed
tanned untanned
untanned tanned
tapped untapped
untapped tapped
open closed
closed open
operational nonoperational
nonoperational operational
opportune inopportune
inopportune opportune
opposable unopposable
unopposable opposable
opposed unopposed
unopposed opposed
opposite alternate
alternate opposite
optimistic pessimistic
pessimistic optimistic
oral aboral
aboral oral
actinal abactinal
abactinal actinal
orderly disorderly
disorderly orderly
ordered disordered
disordered ordered
organized disorganized
disorganized organized
organized unorganized
unorganized organized
structured unstructured
unstructured structured
ordinary extraordinary
extraordinary ordinary
organic inorganic
inorganic organic
organic inorganic
inorganic organic
holistic atomistic
atomistic holistic
arranged disarranged
disarranged arranged
oriented unoriented
unoriented oriented
orienting disorienting
disorienting orienting
original unoriginal
unoriginal original
orthodox unorthodox
unorthodox orthodox
outdoor indoor
indoor outdoor
outside inside
inside outside
covered bare
bare covered
coated uncoated
uncoated coated
roofed roofless
roofless roofed
leafy leafless
leafless leafy
lipped lipless
lipless lipped
overt covert
covert overt
paid unpaid
unpaid paid
painful painless
painless painful
painted unpainted
unpainted painted
painted unpainted
unpainted painted
delineated undelineated
undelineated delineated
paintable unpaintable
unpaintable paintable
palatable unpalatable
unpalatable palatable
palpable impalpable
impalpable palpable
parallel oblique
oblique parallel
perpendicular oblique
pardonable unpardonable
unpardonable pardonable
excusable inexcusable
inexcusable excusable
parental filial
filial parental
partial impartial
impartial partial
particulate nonparticulate
nonparticulate particulate
passable impassable
impassable passable
passionate passionless
passionless passionate
past future
present future
future past
born unborn
unborn born
parented unparented
unparented parented
paternal maternal
maternal paternal
wifely husbandly
husbandly wifely
patient impatient
impatient patient
patriarchal matriarchal
matriarchal patriarchal
patronized unpatronized
unpatronized patronized
packaged unpackaged
unpackaged packaged
paved unpaved
unpaved paved
patriotic unpatriotic
unpatriotic patriotic
peaceful unpeaceful
unpeaceful peaceful
penitent impenitent
repentant unrepentant
impenitent penitent
unrepentant repentant
perceptive unperceptive
unperceptive perceptive
perceptible imperceptible
imperceptible perceptible
perfect imperfect
imperfect perfect
perishable imperishable
imperishable perishable
permanent impermanent
impermanent permanent
persistent caducous
caducous persistent
reversible irreversible
irreversible reversible
reversible nonreversible
nonreversible reversible
revocable irrevocable
irrevocable revocable
permissible impermissible
impermissible permissible
admissible inadmissible
inadmissible admissible
permissive unpermissive
unpermissive permissive
permissive preventive
preventive permissive
perplexed unperplexed
unperplexed perplexed
personal impersonal
impersonal personal
persuasive dissuasive
dissuasive persuasive
penetrable impenetrable
impenetrable penetrable
permeable impermeable
impermeable permeable
pervious impervious
impervious pervious
petalous apetalous
apetalous petalous
puncturable punctureless
punctureless puncturable
psychoactive nonpsychoactive
nonpsychoactive psychoactive
physical mental
mental physical
monotheistic polytheistic
polytheistic monotheistic
pious impious
impious pious
secular religious
religious secular
religious irreligious
irreligious religious
placable implacable
implacable placable
plain patterned
patterned plain
plain fancy
fancy plain
planned unplanned
unplanned planned
studied unstudied
unstudied studied
plausible implausible
implausible plausible
pleasant unpleasant
unpleasant pleasant
pleased displeased
displeased pleased
pleasing displeasing
displeasing pleasing
pointed pointless
pointless pointed
acute obtuse
obtuse acute
polished unpolished
unpolished polished
politic impolitic
impolitic politic
political nonpolitical
nonpolitical political
ponderable imponderable
imponderable ponderable
popular unpopular
unpopular popular
pro anti
anti pro
positive negative
negative neutral
neutral negative
plus minus
minus plus
positive negative
negative positive
positive negative
negative positive
possible impossible
impossible possible
potent impotent
impotent potent
potent impotent
impotent potent
powerful powerless
powerless powerful
powered unpowered
unpowered powered
high-tension low-tension
low-tension high-tension
influential uninfluential
uninfluential influential
placental aplacental
aplacental placental
planted unplanted
unplanted planted
plowed unplowed
unplowed plowed
cultivated uncultivated
uncultivated cultivated
potted unpotted
unpotted potted
practical impractical
impractical practical
precise imprecise
imprecise precise
precocious retarded
retarded precocious
predictable unpredictable
unpredictable predictable
premeditated unpremeditated
unpremeditated premeditated
prepared unprepared
unprepared prepared
prescription nonprescription
nonprescription prescription
present absent
absent present
ostentatious unostentatious
unostentatious ostentatious
pretentious unpretentious
unpretentious pretentious
primary secondary
secondary primary
basic incidental
incidental basic
private public
public private
exclusive inclusive
inclusive exclusive
privileged underprivileged
underprivileged privileged
productive unproductive
unproductive productive
generative consumptive
consumptive generative
reproducible unreproducible
unreproducible reproducible
professional nonprofessional
nonprofessional professional
professional unprofessional
unprofessional professional
profitable unprofitable
unprofitable profitable
profound superficial
superficial profound
prognathous opisthognathous
opisthognathous prognathous
progressive regressive
regressive progressive
progressive regressive
regressive progressive
pronounceable unpronounceable
unpronounceable pronounceable
proper improper
improper proper
prophetic unprophetic
unprophetic prophetic
prospective retrospective
retrospective prospective
protected unprotected
unprotected protected
protective unprotective
unprotective protective
proud humble
humble proud
proved unproved
unproved proved
provident improvident
improvident provident
provocative unprovocative
unprovocative provocative
prudent imprudent
imprudent prudent
punctual unpunctual
unpunctual punctual
punished unpunished
unpunished punished
punitive rehabilitative
rehabilitative punitive
purebred crossbred
crossbred purebred
pure impure
impure pure
pure impure
impure pure
contaminated uncontaminated
uncontaminated contaminated
purposeful purposeless
purposeless purposeful
qualified unqualified
unqualified qualified
trained untrained
untrained trained
qualified unqualified
unqualified qualified
qualitative quantitative
quantitative qualitative
questionable unquestionable
unquestionable questionable
quiet noisy
noisy quiet
restful restless
restless restful
quiet unquiet
unquiet quiet
random nonrandom
nonrandom random
rational irrational
irrational rational
emotional cerebral
cerebral emotional
racial nonracial
nonracial racial
reactive unreactive
unreactive reactive
ready unready
unready ready
real unreal
unreal real
real unreal
unreal real
real nominal
nominal real
realistic unrealistic
unrealistic realistic
reasonable unreasonable
unreasonable reasonable
reciprocal nonreciprocal
nonreciprocal reciprocal
refined unrefined
unrefined refined
processed unprocessed
unprocessed processed
refined unrefined
unrefined refined
treated untreated
untreated treated
oiled unoiled
unoiled oiled
treated untreated
untreated treated
recoverable unrecoverable
unrecoverable recoverable
regenerate unregenerate
unregenerate regenerate
registered unregistered
unregistered registered
registered unregistered
unregistered registered
regular irregular
irregular regular
regular irregular
irregular regular
regulated unregulated
unregulated regulated
remediable irremediable
irremediable remediable
renewable unrenewable
unrenewable renewable
rentable unrentable
unrentable rentable
reparable irreparable
irreparable reparable
repeatable unrepeatable
quotable unquotable
unrepeatable repeatable
unquotable quotable
repetitive nonrepetitive
nonrepetitive repetitive
printable unprintable
unprintable printable
requested unrequested
unrequested requested
rhymed unrhymed
unrhymed rhymed
uniform multiform
multiform uniform
periodic aperiodic
aperiodic periodic
regular irregular
irregular regular
related unrelated
unrelated related
related unrelated
unrelated related
relevant irrelevant
irrelevant relevant
mindful unmindful
unmindful mindful
replaceable irreplaceable
irreplaceable replaceable
representational nonrepresentational
nonrepresentational representational
representative nonrepresentative
nonrepresentative representative
reputable disreputable
disreputable reputable
receptive unreceptive
unreceptive receptive
reconcilable irreconcilable
irreconcilable reconcilable
reserved unreserved
unreserved reserved
reserved unreserved
unreserved reserved
resistible irresistible
irresistible resistible
resolute irresolute
irresolute resolute
respectable unrespectable
unrespectable respectable
respectful disrespectful
disrespectful respectful
responsible irresponsible
irresponsible responsible
responsive unresponsive
unresponsive responsive
restrained unrestrained
unrestrained restrained
restricted unrestricted
unrestricted restricted
restrictive unrestrictive
unrestrictive restrictive
retentive unretentive
unretentive retentive
reticulate nonreticulate
nonreticulate reticulate
retractile nonretractile
nonretractile retractile
reflective nonreflective
nonreflective reflective
reflected unreflected
unreflected reflected
reverberant unreverberant
unreverberant reverberant
reverent irreverent
irreverent reverent
revived unrevived
unrevived revived
awakened unawakened
unawakened awakened
awed unawed
unawed awed
revolutionary counterrevolutionary
counterrevolutionary revolutionary
rewarding unrewarding
unrewarding rewarding
rhetorical unrhetorical
unrhetorical rhetorical
rhythmical unrhythmical
unrhythmical rhythmical
ribbed ribless
ribless ribbed
rich poor
poor rich
rich poor
poor rich
rich poor
poor rich
moneyed moneyless
moneyless moneyed
solvent insolvent
insolvent solvent
rich lean
lean rich
rimmed rimless
rimless rimmed
handed handless
handless handed
handled handleless
handleless handled
right-handed ambidextrous
left-handed ambidextrous
ambidextrous left-handed
right center
left center
center left
right left
left right
horned hornless
hornless horned
right wrong
wrong right
righteous unrighteous
unrighteous righteous
robust frail
frail robust
round square
square round
rounded angular
angular rounded
oblate prolate
prolate oblate
rural urban
urban rural
rusted rustless
rustless rusted
holy unholy
unholy holy
sacred profane
profane sacred
sadistic masochistic
masochistic sadistic
safe dangerous
dangerous safe
safe out
out safe
salable unsalable
unsalable salable
same different
different same
same other
other same
similar dissimilar
dissimilar similar
sane insane
insane sane
satiate insatiate
insatiate satiate
sarcastic unsarcastic
unsarcastic sarcastic
satisfactory unsatisfactory
unsatisfactory satisfactory
scalable unscalable
unscalable scalable
scholarly unscholarly
unscholarly scholarly
scientific unscientific
unscientific scientific
scrupulous unscrupulous
unscrupulous scrupulous
conscientious unconscientious
unconscientious conscientious
sealed unsealed
unsealed sealed
sealed unsealed
unsealed sealed
wrapped unwrapped
unwrapped wrapped
seaworthy unseaworthy
unseaworthy seaworthy
airworthy unairworthy
unairworthy airworthy
concealed unconcealed
unconcealed concealed
concealing revealing
revealing concealing
sectarian nonsectarian
nonsectarian sectarian
secure insecure
insecure secure
secure insecure
insecure secure
secure insecure
insecure secure
fastened unfastened
unfastened fastened
insured uninsured
uninsured insured
seductive unseductive
unseductive seductive
selfish unselfish
unselfish selfish
senior junior
junior senior
sensational unsensational
unsensational sensational
sensible insensible
insensible sensible
sensitive insensitive
insensitive sensitive
sensitive insensitive
insensitive sensitive
sensitizing desensitizing
desensitizing sensitizing
sensory extrasensory
extrasensory sensory
sent unsent
unsent sent
separate joint
joint separate
sanitary unsanitary
unsanitary sanitary
septic antiseptic
antiseptic septic
germfree germy
germy germfree
adulterating purifying
purifying adulterating
serious frivolous
frivolous serious
playful unplayful
unplayful playful
selected unselected
unselected selected
serviceable unserviceable
unserviceable serviceable
resident nonresident
nonresident resident
settled unsettled
unsettled settled
migratory nonmigratory
nonmigratory migratory
settled unsettled
unsettled settled
sexy unsexy
unsexy sexy
sexual asexual
asexual sexual
castrated uncastrated
uncastrated castrated
aphrodisiac anaphrodisiac
anaphrodisiac aphrodisiac
estrous anestrous
anestrous estrous
shapely unshapely
unshapely shapely
breasted breastless
breastless breasted
formed unformed
unformed formed
shared unshared
unshared shared
shaven unshaven
unshaven shaven
sheared unsheared
unsheared sheared
sheathed unsheathed
unsheathed sheathed
shockable unshockable
unshockable shockable
shod unshod
unshod shod
calced discalced
discalced calced
nearsighted farsighted
farsighted nearsighted
shrinkable unshrinkable
unshrinkable shrinkable
sighted blind
blind sighted
signed unsigned
unsigned signed
significant insignificant
insignificant significant
significant nonsignificant
nonsignificant significant
silenced unsilenced
unsilenced silenced
simple compound
compound simple
simple complex
complex simple
sincere insincere
insincere sincere
singular plural
plural singular
singular plural
plural singular
cardinal ordinal
ordinal cardinal
scripted unscripted
unscripted scripted
sinkable unsinkable
unsinkable sinkable
single multiple
multiple single
double single
single double
multiple-choice true-false
true-false multiple-choice
single-lane multilane
multilane single-lane
sized unsized
unsized sized
sized unsized
unsized sized
skilled unskilled
unskilled skilled
verbal numerical
numerical verbal
coarse fine
fine coarse
smoky smokeless
smokeless smoky
slippery nonslippery
nonslippery slippery
lubricated unlubricated
unlubricated lubricated
smooth rough
rough smooth
smooth rough
rough smooth
furrowed unfurrowed
unfurrowed furrowed
smooth rough
rough smooth
rifled unrifled
unrifled rifled
social unsocial
unsocial social
accompanied unaccompanied
unaccompanied accompanied
accompanied unaccompanied
unaccompanied accompanied
gregarious ungregarious
ungregarious gregarious
gregarious ungregarious
ungregarious gregarious
seamed seamless
seamless seamed
seeded unseeded
unseeded seeded
seedy seedless
seedless seedy
shuttered unshuttered
unshuttered shuttered
sleeved sleeveless
sleeveless sleeved
sociable unsociable
unsociable sociable
sold unsold
unsold sold
soled soleless
soleless soled
solid gaseous
liquid gaseous
gaseous liquid
solid hollow
hollow solid
soluble insoluble
insoluble soluble
soluble insoluble
insoluble soluble
solved unsolved
unsolved solved
some all
no all
all no
sophisticated naive
naive sophisticated
sound unsound
unsound sound
sound unsound
unsound sound
effervescent noneffervescent
noneffervescent effervescent
sparkling still
still sparkling
specialized unspecialized
unspecialized specialized
spinous spineless
spineless spinous
spirited spiritless
spiritless spirited
spontaneous induced
induced spontaneous
spoken written
written spoken
voiced unvoiced
unvoiced voiced
written unwritten
unwritten written
vocalic consonantal
consonantal vocalic
stoppable unstoppable
unstoppable stoppable
syllabic nonsyllabic
nonsyllabic syllabic
syllabic nonsyllabic
nonsyllabic syllabic
syllabic accentual
accentual quantitative
quantitative accentual
stable unstable
unstable stable
staccato legato
legato staccato
staged unstaged
unstaged staged
standard nonstandard
nonstandard standard
standard nonstandard
nonstandard standard
standard nonstandard
nonstandard standard
starchy starchless
starchless starchy
starry starless
starless starry
nourished malnourished
malnourished nourished
steady unsteady
unsteady steady
stemmed stemless
stemless stemmed
stimulating unstimulating
unstimulating stimulating
depressant stimulative
stimulative depressant
stomatous astomatous
astomatous stomatous
straight crooked
crooked straight
straight curved
curved straight
coiled uncoiled
uncoiled coiled
straight crooked
crooked straight
stressed unstressed
unstressed stressed
tonic atonic
atonic tonic
strong weak
weak strong
stubborn docile
docile stubborn
subordinate insubordinate
insubordinate subordinate
successful unsuccessful
unsuccessful successful
sufficient insufficient
insufficient sufficient
sugary sugarless
sugarless sugary
superior inferior
inferior superior
superior inferior
inferior superior
superior inferior
inferior superior
superjacent subjacent
subjacent superjacent
superscript adscript
subscript adscript
adscript subscript
supervised unsupervised
unsupervised supervised
supported unsupported
unsupported supported
supported unsupported
unsupported supported
assisted unassisted
unassisted assisted
supportive unsupportive
unsupportive supportive
surmountable insurmountable
insurmountable surmountable
surprised unsurprised
unsurprised surprised
surprising unsurprising
unsurprising surprising
susceptible unsusceptible
unsusceptible susceptible
impressionable unimpressionable
unimpressionable impressionable
exempt nonexempt
nonexempt exempt
scheduled unscheduled
unscheduled scheduled
sweet dry
dry sweet
sweet sour
sour sweet
soured unsoured
unsoured soured
suspected unsuspected
unsuspected suspected
swept unswept
unswept swept
sworn unsworn
unsworn sworn
symmetrical asymmetrical
asymmetrical symmetrical
actinomorphic zygomorphic
zygomorphic actinomorphic
sympathetic unsympathetic
unsympathetic sympathetic
sympathetic unsympathetic
unsympathetic sympathetic
sympatric allopatric
allopatric sympatric
synchronic diachronic
diachronic synchronic
synchronous asynchronous
asynchronous synchronous
synchronous asynchronous
asynchronous synchronous
syndetic asyndetic
asyndetic syndetic
synonymous antonymous
antonymous synonymous
systematic unsystematic
unsystematic systematic
taciturn voluble
voluble taciturn
tactful tactless
tactless tactful
tall short
short tall
tame wild
wild tame
tame wild
wild tame
tangible intangible
intangible tangible
tangible intangible
intangible tangible
tasteful tasteless
tasteless tasteful
tasty tasteless
tasteless tasty
taxable nontaxable
nontaxable taxable
temperate intemperate
intemperate temperate
temperate intemperate
intemperate temperate
tense lax
lax tense
tense lax
lax tense
tense relaxed
relaxed tense
hypertonic hypotonic
hypotonic hypertonic
territorial extraterritorial
extraterritorial territorial
territorial nonterritorial
nonterritorial territorial
thermoplastic thermosetting
thermosetting thermoplastic
thick thin
thin thick
thick thin
thin thick
thinkable unthinkable
unthinkable thinkable
thoughtful thoughtless
thoughtless thoughtful
thrifty wasteful
wasteful thrifty
tidy untidy
untidy tidy
groomed ungroomed
ungroomed groomed
combed uncombed
uncombed combed
timbered untimbered
untimbered timbered
toned toneless
toneless toned
tongued tongueless
tongueless tongued
tipped untipped
untipped tipped
tired rested
rested tired
tolerable intolerable
intolerable tolerable
tolerant intolerant
intolerant tolerant
tonal atonal
atonal tonal
toothed toothless
toothless toothed
top bottom
bottom side
side bottom
topped topless
topless topped
bottomed bottomless
bottomless bottomed
top-down bottom-up
bottom-up top-down
equatorial polar
polar equatorial
testate intestate
intestate testate
touched untouched
untouched touched
tough tender
tender tough
tough tender
tender tough
tough tender
tender tough
toxic nontoxic
nontoxic toxic
tractable intractable
intractable tractable
table_d'hote a_la_carte
a_la_carte table_d'hote
traceable untraceable
untraceable traceable
tracked trackless
trackless tracked
traveled untraveled
untraveled traveled
trimmed untrimmed
untrimmed trimmed
troubled untroubled
untroubled troubled
true false
false true
trustful distrustful
distrustful trustful
trustworthy untrustworthy
untrustworthy trustworthy
tubed tubeless
tubeless tubed
tucked untucked
untucked tucked
turned unturned
unturned turned
typical atypical
atypical typical
underhand overhand
overhand underhand
surface overhead
subsurface overhead
overhead subsurface
submersible nonsubmersible
nonsubmersible submersible
tearful tearless
tearless tearful
union nonunion
nonunion union
uniparous multiparous
multiparous uniparous
unipolar bipolar
bipolar unipolar
united divided
divided united
adnate connate
connate adnate
univalve bivalve
bivalve univalve
ascending descending
descending ascending
rising falling
falling rising
climactic anticlimactic
anticlimactic climactic
upmarket downmarket
downmarket upmarket
transitive intransitive
intransitive transitive
translatable untranslatable
untranslatable translatable
ungulate unguiculate
unguiculate ungulate
up down
down up
upstage downstage
downstage upstage
upstairs downstairs
downstairs upstairs
upstream downstream
downstream upstream
uptown downtown
downtown uptown
used misused
misused used
useful useless
useless useful
utopian dystopian
dystopian utopian
valid invalid
invalid valid
valuable worthless
worthless valuable
variable invariable
invariable variable
varied unvaried
unvaried varied
veiled unveiled
unveiled veiled
ventilated unventilated
unventilated ventilated
vertebrate invertebrate
invertebrate vertebrate
violable inviolable
inviolable violable
violent nonviolent
nonviolent violent
virtuous wicked
wicked virtuous
visible invisible
invisible visible
viviparous oviparous
oviparous ovoviviparous
ovoviviparous oviparous
volatile nonvolatile
nonvolatile volatile
voluntary involuntary
involuntary voluntary
voluntary involuntary
involuntary voluntary
vulnerable invulnerable
invulnerable vulnerable
wanted unwanted
unwanted wanted
warm cool
cool warm
warm cool
cool warm
warm cool
cool warm
warm-blooded cold-blooded
cold-blooded warm-blooded
warmhearted coldhearted
coldhearted warmhearted
washable nonwashable
nonwashable washable
waxed unwaxed
unwaxed waxed
waxing waning
waning waxing
increasing decreasing
decreasing increasing
increasing decreasing
decreasing increasing
inflationary deflationary
deflationary inflationary
weaned unweaned
unweaned weaned
wearable unwearable
unwearable wearable
weedy weedless
weedless weedy
welcome unwelcome
unwelcome welcome
well ill
ill well
wet dry
dry wet
wet dry
dry wet
wet dry
dry wet
wet dry
dry wet
hydrous anhydrous
anhydrous hydrous
wheeled wheelless
wheelless wheeled
white-collar blue-collar
blue-collar white-collar
wholesome unwholesome
unwholesome wholesome
wide narrow
narrow wide
wide narrow
narrow wide
wieldy unwieldy
unwieldy wieldy
wigged wigless
wigless wigged
willing unwilling
unwilling willing
winged wingless
wingless winged
wired wireless
wireless wired
wise foolish
foolish wise
wooded unwooded
unwooded wooded
woody nonwoody
nonwoody woody
worldly unworldly
unworldly worldly
woven unwoven
unwoven woven
worn new
new worn
worthy unworthy
unworthy worthy
xeric hydric
hydric mesic
mesic hydric
zonal azonal
azonal zonal
acrocarpous pleurocarpous
pleurocarpous acrocarpous
cursorial fossorial
fossorial cursorial
homocercal heterocercal
heterocercal homocercal
webbed unwebbed
unwebbed webbed
faceted unfaceted
unfaceted faceted
ipsilateral contralateral
contralateral ipsilateral
salient re-entrant
re-entrant salient
proactive retroactive
retroactive proactive
rh-positive rh-negative
rh-negative rh-positive
categorematic syncategorematic
syncategorematic categorematic
idiographic nomothetic
nomothetic idiographic
pro-choice pro-life
pro-life pro-choice
baptized unbaptized
unbaptized baptized
benign malignant
malignant benign
calcicolous calcifugous
calcifugous calcicolous
invertible non-invertible
non-invertible invertible
immunocompetent immunodeficient
immunodeficient immunocompetent
allogeneic xenogeneic
xenogeneic allogeneic
long-spurred short-spurred
short-spurred long-spurred
shelled unshelled
unshelled shelled
jawed jawless
jawless jawed
skinned skinless
skinless skinned
flowering flowerless
flowerless flowering
abient adient
adient abient
alphabetic analphabetic
analphabetic alphabetic
anodic cathodic
cathodic anodic
autotrophic heterotrophic
heterotrophic autotrophic
bracteate ebracteate
extracellular intracellular
intracellular extracellular
cenobitic eremitic
eremitic cenobitic
cenogenetic palingenetic
palingenetic cenogenetic
chromatinic achromatinic
achromatinic chromatinic
directional omnidirectional
omnidirectional directional
dysgenic eugenic
eugenic dysgenic
ebracteate bracteate
febrile afebrile
afebrile febrile
fictional nonfictional
nonfictional fictional
fretted unfretted
unfretted fretted
harmonic nonharmonic
nonharmonic harmonic
ionic nonionic
nonionic ionic
myelinated unmyelinated
unmyelinated myelinated
paradigmatic syntagmatic
passerine nonpasserine
nonpasserine passerine
photosynthetic nonphotosynthetic
nonphotosynthetic photosynthetic
ruminant nonruminant
nonruminant ruminant
spherical nonspherical
nonspherical spherical
steroidal nonsteroidal
nonsteroidal steroidal
suppurative nonsuppurative
nonsuppurative suppurative
syntagmatic paradigmatic
unthematic thematic
thematic unthematic
thermal nonthermal
nonthermal thermal
vocal instrumental
instrumental vocal
hydrostatic hydrokinetic
hydrokinetic hydrostatic
spatial nonspatial
nonspatial spatial
linguistic nonlinguistic
nonlinguistic linguistic
caudal cephalic
cephalic caudal
financial nonfinancial
nonfinancial financial
eukaryotic prokaryotic
eucaryotic procaryotic
prokaryotic eukaryotic
procaryotic eucaryotic
vascular avascular
avascular vascular
uninucleate multinucleate
multinucleate uninucleate
parental filial
filial parental
surgical nonsurgical
nonsurgical surgical
endocrine exocrine
exocrine endocrine
historical ahistorical
ahistorical historical
anti-American pro-American
pro-American anti-American
rational irrational
irrational rational
anionic cationic
cationic anionic
accusatorial inquisitorial
inquisitorial accusatorial
prenuptial postnuptial
postnuptial prenuptial
interdepartmental intradepartmental
intradepartmental interdepartmental
homeopathic allopathic
allopathic homeopathic
nontranslational translational
translational nontranslational
avenged unavenged
unavenged avenged
collected uncollected
gathered ungathered
uncollected collected
ungathered gathered
contested uncontested
uncontested contested
filled unfilled
unfilled filled
malted unmalted
unmalted malted
posed unposed
unposed posed
saponified unsaponified
unsaponified saponified
